README.md, before:

styl.js
=========

CSS Injection

Requirements
============

IE9+ / Modern Browsers

Need to support:
```
Array.prototype.map
Object.keys
Object.defineProperty
```

Injection
=========

Style injecting can be done in one of two ways:

```
// Add styles
styl.inject('body', [{height: '100px'}, {width: '100px'}]);

// Add styles into media queries
styl.inject('only screen and (min-width: 800px)', 'body', [{'height': '100px'}]);

// cameCase is automatically converted for you, 
// but you can type it out if you want
styl.inject('body', [{backgroundColor: 'blue'}, {'font-size': '16px'}]);
```

Ejection
========

Style ejection can be done in one of two ways:

```
// Remove styles
styl.eject('body', ['height', 'width']);

// Remove styles from media queries
styl.eject('only screen and (min-width: 800px)', 'body', ['height', 'width']);

// Eject all styles stored by styl
styl.ejectAll();

// Eject all styles on the body element that are stored by styl
styl.ejectAll('body');

// Eject all styles out of a selector inside a media query
styl.ejectAll('only screen and (min-width: 800px)', 'body');
```

Applying Styles
===============

Styles are not automatically applied, by default, when ```inject``` or ```eject``` is called. This is to allow minimal writes to the DOM. (See Next Section)

To apply styles:

```
// Apply the styles that have been placed into styl without whitespace
styl.apply()

// Apply the styles that have been placed into styl in with whitespace
styl.apply(true);
```

Automatic Style Application
===========================

It is possible to force styl.js to automatically apply styles when ```inject``` or ```eject``` is called.

```
// Force styles to automatically be applied
styl.setAutoApply(true);

// Force styles ot be automatically applied with whitespace
styl.setAutoApply(true, false);

// Force styles to be automatically applied without whitespace again
styl.setAutoApply(true, true);

// Force styles to be manually applied again
styl.setAutoApply(false);
```

Get Styles
==========

A method is provided to get a string of all the styles being used by styl as an object

```
// Get styles with minimal whitespace
styl.getStyles();

// Get styles with breaks/spaces added
styles.getStyles(true);
```

Commit message:

Add  method which allows adding multiple selector/styles to one media query without having to retype it over and over

README.md, after:

styl.js
=========

CSS Injection

Requirements
============

IE9+ / Modern Browsers

Need to support:
```
Array.prototype.map
Object.keys
Object.defineProperty
```

Injection
=========

Style injecting can be done in one of two ways:

```
// Add styles
styl.inject('body', [{height: '100px'}, {width: '100px'}]);

// Add styles into media queries
styl.inject('only screen and (min-width: 800px)', 'body', [{'height': '100px'}]);

// cameCase is automatically converted for you, 
// but you can type it out if you want
styl.inject('body', [{backgroundColor: 'blue'}, {'font-size': '16px'}]);
```

Ejection
========

Style ejection can be done in one of two ways:

```
// Remove styles
styl.eject('body', ['height', 'width']);

// Remove styles from media queries
styl.eject('only screen and (min-width: 800px)', 'body', ['height', 'width']);

// Eject all styles stored by styl
styl.ejectAll();

// Eject all styles on the body element that are stored by styl
styl.ejectAll('body');

// Eject all styles out of a selector inside a media query
styl.ejectAll('only screen and (min-width: 800px)', 'body');
```

Applying Styles
===============

Styles are not automatically applied, by default, when ```inject``` or ```eject``` is called. This is to allow minimal writes to the DOM. (See Next Section)

To apply styles:

```
// Apply the styles that have been placed into styl without whitespace
styl.apply()

// Apply the styles that have been placed into styl in with whitespace
styl.apply(true);
```

Automatic Style Application
===========================

It is possible to force styl.js to automatically apply styles when ```inject``` or ```eject``` is called.

```
// Force styles to automatically be applied
styl.setAutoApply(true);

// Force styles ot be automatically applied with whitespace
styl.setAutoApply(true, false);

// Force styles to be automatically applied without whitespace again
styl.setAutoApply(true, true);

// Force styles to be manually applied again
styl.setAutoApply(false);
```

Media Queries
=============

It is possible to add styles into a media query block using the inject method. However, if you have multiple selectors that need different styles, this could result in you typing out the media query string several times. If this is the case, you can use the ```createMQ``` method:

```
styl.createMQ('only screen and (min-width: 800px)', {
  body: [
    {background: 'blue'},
    {fontSize: '16px'}
  ],
  '.anotherElement': [
    {background: 'red'}
  ]
});
```

Get Styles
==========

A method is provided to get a string of all the styles being used by styl as an object

```
// Get styles with minimal whitespace
styl.getStyles();

// Get styles with breaks/spaces added
styles.getStyles(true);
```
